End to End Encryption is not perfect. Fiat currency, currency issued and regulated by a central government, is not perfect. A human error exists and can alter the integrity of systems. As we print more and more money, and access more and more private information, blockchain and NFT technology provide a suitable alternative, invincible to human alteration.
 
G2 minus optimizes Non-Fungible tokens to ensure that messages remain private. Instead of public and private keys, G2 minus takes advantage of the strength of blockchain and NFT recognition. Every cryptocurrency wallet has a private key that, derived, creates a public identification key. The public key becomes your address, where people can look at the contents of your wallet and your past transactions. Private keys and encrypted and then converted to passwords, most many, random words. This passcode acts as your private key and only you have access to it. The only way for someone to access your cryptocurrency wallet is if you gave them your private key. Furthermore, the only way someone could prove your identity is if you gave them your private key. You can create many wallets and store different currencies and tokens in each. 

Blockchain and cryptocurrency certification is done in two ways. There is proof of work and proof of stake methods to certify transactions between users. How these certifications take place is important to understand the decentralized nature of cryptocurrency networks; Proof of work randomly awards certification contracts to network users and tasks them with solving complex numerical puzzles, using computer power, to certify transactions. Proof of Work is used by blockchains like Bitcoin and is considered one of the most secure certification mechanisms. Proof of stake selects validators through a computer-selected bidding process, selecting those with large portions of cryptocurrency before smaller stakeholders. Regardless of the blockchain certification system, no governing body has control over what transactions are given to what certifying groups. This entails full transparency. Furthermore, the past transactions of the blockchain are public. Nobody can alter this. 

Non-Fungible Tokens live on this blockchain. When they are bought and sold, using cryptocurrency or other barter techniques, these transactions are certified through blockchain. No person has any say in what gets certified and what doesn't. There are many implications of this technology. G2 Minus is here to give you optionality, to give you freedom.
